and such
hello everyone with you fil and today I
I will continue my cycle of stories about how
do maykravt we stopped
on what we created high and remember
shelves already in minecraft so somewhere I these
shelves already profukal
well, okay, then again, we
create shelves minecraft so you remember
this
boards and so I got four folders
Now I will tell you about how to do
and a basic set of tools how to make
pickax for example like one of the most
the most important tools minecraft so
We went there we have now to me yet
we get the stone by hand
the latest versions of Minecraft can't
although earlier in the initial versions
maykravt just become so long
I waited for you to beat a stone and he to you
come across give a look I will put it down
and you will see the stone just disappear
in the answer is all he did not hit inventory and
how would a cloud fig a because of stone
can do more lasting pain
more durable and more efficient
tools rather than tools from
wood but usually create the original
a pickaxe is just a lawsuit made of wood and then
I mine some stones and make
respectively, all other stone
already tools for the first time first
so to make a pickaxe we need
two sticks three oak boards
like this and again
affiliation is not oak at all
the principle of the board is not important it will be
birch all three boards oak boards
actually the difference is not so we
we start doing we do first shelf
see two sticks put over each other
and it turns out like we have a long
lever
then we take the boards and lay them on
top well, it's the same hoe turned a
But you should tell the pick itself but
Kraft principle already
really looks like a pickaxe
we take this wooden pickaxe and
now I will show you how we mine
all the rest
Here I have 1 pebble i. for
to make already a normal pickaxe
three pebbles will suffice as well
there is coal we do not remember about the dota guide
also you can mine a wooden pick
not even actually not stone let's
bye before the bolt I will have more coal
some stones well as usual for clamping
left mouse button and 2 wives of apples
we hold down the left mouse button voila here
I get something like this
Now you may be one whole and coal and
it will be possible already
wooden is easy and until it breaks
clear a place for our home with you
which is what I understand here because
what a cool cool place i'm
see all the decree I see everyone too but this
minor matters I still find and also
in the forest
it is very comfortable here very cool and very
great that is but we will build it
there is an account
cows of families with pigs and stare but
actually, that's what you need to start
playing mincraft made and
wooden pickaxe chose a place for the house
and already drove honestly very lucky then
that coal was right near my house
usually this does not happen
need to run somewhere initial
also in the breaks of the rocks still need angles
run to look it see because
that coal and you are also very important
part mincraft and a little bit later
tell what he does google can
get the tree that is if you live
logs that is what was cut down immediately
what fell out of the tree then rudely
saying you can already get woody
coal and he principle absolutely by his
properties of nothing from coal
different but it has a number of
slightly different texture here actually
and all and we will throw out things to us
I will not give him a diallo for him yet
penetrated do not know yet but for now
all subscribe put likes
comment go to the site
minecraft 179 dot ru there you will find
a lot of new useful information
which you may be interested in you
Thanks for watching everyone bye
all kiss